got garlic nummies hi welcome to Sanjeev
Kapoor asana my name is I and let's make
an all-time favorite dish the name of
the recipes born garlic noodles let's
quickly run through the ingredients to
make born garlic noodles we would
require chopped garlic salt crushed
black peppercorns soy sauce sesame oil
vinegar spring onions boiled noodles so
since this recipe says it's born garlic
noodles we'll have to make the born
garlic for the recipe so for that I have
already heated a nonstick pan and we'll
add the sesame oil to it in this recipe
I'm using sesame oil since it is used in
most of the Chinese dishes however if
you don't like sesame oil or if you
don't have it at home it can easily
replace it with normal oil okay so to
this we'll add the chopped garlic reduce
the flame and just spread the garlic
evenly now keep one thing in mind
whenever you make fried garlic at home
make sure that you have a strainer and a
bowl ready to strain the oil from the
garlic so once it starts getting the
brown color will quickly strain the oil
and use the fried garlic it is started
getting brown color at this stage you
have to quickly strain the oil and
because of the carryover heat or the
carryover cooking the garlic will be
even more darker in the color so this is
the fried garlic ready now we have to
toss the noodles I have taken a walk or
a deep pan will take the same oil for
tossing the noodles and make sure that
the heat is high Chinese food is all
about high heat and quick cooking so
just make sure that your heat is
absolutely high whenever you add any
vegetables or any meat to the pan let
the oil be nice and hot you can add the
spring onions in the pan
this sorted lightly not have to brown
the onions they have to be nice and
crunchy
after we quickly sauté the onions we'll
add the boiled noodles flat some
seasoning we'll begin with some crushed
black peppercorns some salt
soy sauce soy sauce already contains
good amount of salt so make sure that
you will let a low on salt soy sauce and
finally some vinegar to this we'll add
half the quantity of the born garlic and
we'll reserve some for garnishing and
that's it toss mix it nicely so that all
the flavors get mixed well with each
other well quickly turn off the heat and
serve the noodles in a serving bowl
quickly sprinkle the remaining born
garlic on top of the noodles garnish it
with some more spring onions so quick
and easy born garlic noodles are ready
if you are a fan of Chinese and you want
to make something at home this is the
simplest recipe that you can